SPCTR-3032: Fix - Image - Setting up the hover image inside the container, chopping the image part (#3321)
brainstormforce/ultimate-addons-for-gutenberg: README.md

* Fix: Buttons - Resolved an issue in which the space between the icon and text would not apply in RTL sites.
* Fix: Image - Resolved an issue in which the tablet and mobile border css would not be applied as intended.
* Fix: Forms - Reworked the e-mail sending functionality to ensure that only one e-mail is sent when CC and BCC addresses are specified.

> * Fix: Image - Resolved an issue in which mask image is getting chopping off when zoomin is set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix: Image - Resolved an issue in which mask images would get cut when the zoom-in hover effect was used.
```

Author: Updated.

## Changelog ##

### x.x.x ###

> * Fix: Image - Resolved an issue in which mask images would get cut when the zoom-in hover effect was used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix: Image - Resolved an issue in which masked images would get cut-off when the zoom-in hover effect was used.
```

Author: Done.
